c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Orquestrador.dll.config
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Orquestrador.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Orquestrador.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\obj\Release\Orquestrador.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\obj\Release\Orquestrador.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\Orquestrador\obj\Release\Orquestrador.pdb
