c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll.config
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Orquestrador.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Orquestrador.dll.config
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\Orquestrador.pdb
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\phdias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudServiceProject\AzureCloudServiceProject\obj\Debug\Orquestrador\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
